{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On Technology\
\
Among all people I know, I'm fairly certain that I am the most excited for the changes this AI revolution will bring. AI has already changed the way I study and work being indispensible as a tutor, thought partner, and lead developer for coding projects such as this website. With no front end development experience whatsoever I used Anthropic's agentic CLI, Claude Code, to create this website from scratch in just a couple days. Technology, to me, is the fundamental differetiator between man and the animal kingdom and has been by far the largest contributor to increasing prosperity across the world. It also however, can be incredibly harmful not just overtly but also in hidden and decieving ways. Many people when engaging with the complications of technology will acknowledge the obvious and existential threats such as nuclear annihalation, engineered viruses or a Skynet esc AI takeover, but less often grapple with the subtle ways in which technology alters what it means to be human. I believe the history of technological advances can be seen as a series of faustian bargains gaining humanity immediate wealth, leisure and efficiency with often unknown costs lurking not far behind. The first humans to discover agriculture gained surplus food and permenant settlement, but at the cost of humanity's deep connection to nature. The scietists wokring on the Manhatten project propelled humanity into a new era of mastery over the laws of th physical world, in return that is for the ever looming threat of nucear war. In recent times the invention of cell phones and social networks}