{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17420\viewh19480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 *Main*\
\
For as far back as I can remember, I loved to ask the question \'93why?\'94. Of a teacher, why the line never reaches the asymptote, of my parents why I have to go to bed even though I\'92m not tired, or of a Priest why it was necessary for God to send his son on his Earthly errand. It seemed almost unfailingly, that behind any answer seemingly self evident to other people, there was much more content buried behind such a simple question. I was delighted to find out in my first year of university that this compulsion had a name, Philosophy. A Philosophy degree however, is not known as a guarantor of financial security, thus I studied finance. Finance, I think to many, represents the peak of academic superficiality. A degree that only money hungry capitalist pigs enter into in order to parasitically siphon money from the system of hard working citizens by means of gambling and usury. When one pauses to further contemplate however, the role of finance in the world, the science, and the philosophy behind it, they would soon realize how important, and interesting of a discipline it really is. Like philosophy, finance is something I consider to be a pervasive subject as its influences touches almost everything one encounters on a daily basis. It is after all, in its essence, the theory of value and how to allocate it. The debt theory of money posits that long before complex civilization, humans had a simpler, more personal form of currency. Imagine a village of 40 people where everyone knows each other. When one individual borrows or receives and service from another, a mental note is made between the two that individual one will at some time in the future return a favour to individual two in return for the service presently received. Over time one can imagine a complex web of quasi-financial obligations that blend and blur with personal and romantic relationships. This social graph of favours however, becomes obsolete in population sizes of the magnitude the agricultural revolution came to produce. As the invention of agriculture allowed for a few farmers to feed a large population, food surplus was created which allowed other humans to specialize in a certain area such as building or smithing. Now since these specialists are not themselves farming, they need a way to access the surplus food being made by the farmers. The old method of favours and mental notes however is insufficient in a population so large. It may be a long time before the farmer needs something smithed. Here is where a current comes in as a technology. Instead of having an IOU from the blacksmith, the farmer can receive some coins, seashells or other small and portable unit of account to keep track of the value he created for the builder with his crops. The advantage of this is that the farmer now does not own a debt owed to him by the builder, but by anyone in his community where is currency is universally accepted. So under this theory, money is fundamentally a unit of account for how much value one is owed by society. Fast forward to another important development in finance to 17th century Netherlands. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fast forward to another important development in finance to 17th century Netherlands. The Dutch, driven by both necessity and opportunity, found themselves confronting a problem that the simple currency system could no longer solve. A single merchant, no matter how wealthy, could not afford to outfit a ship, hire a crew, and stock it with goods for a two-year journey to the Indies with no guarantee the vessel would ever return. The scale of capital required for these ventures had grown beyond what any individual could reasonably provide, yet the potential rewards were too great to ignore.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The solution they devised was as elegant as it was revolutionary: the joint stock company. The Dutch East India Company, founded in 1602, allowed dozens or even hundreds of investors to pool their resources for these massive undertakings. But what made this truly transformative was not just the pooling of capital, but the fact that these ownership stakes could be bought and sold to others, creating the world's first modern stock exchange right there in Amsterdam. Suddenly, our farmer's simple IOU to society had evolved into something far more sophisticated - a transferable claim on future profits from ventures he might never see, in lands whose names he could not pronounce. This represented more than just a clever financial innovation. The fundamental relationship between humans and value creation had shifted. Wealth was no longer necessarily tied to the land you tilled or the services you personally provided. Capital itself - that accumulated surplus value from countless past labors - could now be deployed independently to generate even more value. The blacksmith's son could invest in a spice voyage without ever leaving his village, and the farmer could own a piece of ships sailing to Java while never seeing the ocean. This venture funding process would later be called Schumpeter\'92s Circular Flow and would be the engine of economic growth and increasing material prosperity of the world ever since. When some young genius from MIT has no money and a new idea for a technology, they must present themselves to venture capitalists (representing people with no ideas and lots of money) in order to vet his idea and potentially invest (give him money in exchange for ownership in the company). This is how the vast majority of new technologies are funded in modern society\
\
}